Summary: Customer Reviews

# Customer Reviews

As you can see below, our customers really enjoyed their stay, many return every year.

<table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
  <tr>
    <th class='first'>
      Date
    </th>
    <th>
      Customer
    </th>
    <th>
      Review
    </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td class='first'>27th March 2011</td>
  <td>Kerry and Mark, Somerset</td>
  <td>Beautiful sunny weather, hoorah! Lovely walks, fantastic weekend. Huge thank you</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td class='first'>30th April 2011</td>
  <td>Ian and Linda, West Dorset</td>
  <td>Thank you, we've had a lovely week. A good base for stunning coastal walks, and great places to eat. Beautiful weather a bonus!</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td class='first'>31st May 2011</td>
  <td>The Chadwicks, Somerset</td>
  <td>We had a lovely stay, excellent chalet, very comfy and clean. Love the area and wil be coming back.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td class='first'>11th June 2011</td>
  <td>Tony and Theresa, Somerset</td>
  <td>Nice clean chalet, good base for the area, good pub food too.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td class='first'>1st July 2011</td>
  <td>Lauren and Andrew, London</td>
  <td>A very homely, comfortable chalet which was ideal for a relaxing break. It had everything we needed and more. It was a very enjoyable stay and we would love to return.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td class='first'>15th July 2011</td>
  <td>Ali and Josh, Somerset</td>
  <td>Had a lovely time, really nice chalet, so quiet. Comfy, good food at Manor, enjoyed entertainment. Pool was nice and warm, would love to come back again.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td class='first'>6th August 2011</td>
  <td>Wallace, Kath and Family, Somerset</td>
  <td>Great chalet, good weather, plenty of walking and surfing. Had a great stay, will be back.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td class='first'>3rd September 2011</td>
  <td>Pat and Kevin, Somerset</td>
  <td>So comfortable, thank you. Food at the stables bar is really good, Love Bude, chalet is brilliant.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td class='first'>3rd October 2011</td>
  <td>Mel and Stuart, Sutton</td>
  <td>A fantastic weekend, we didn't want to leave, thankyou</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <td class='first'>4th October 2011</td>
  <td>Matt, Jo and William, Somerset</td>
  <td>Thank you, we had a great time, can we have the same weather next time please!</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class='first'>
      10th April 2010
    </td>
    <td>
      The Becks family Exmouth
    </td>
    <td>
      It was a lovely chalet thank you we enjoyed our holiday and hope to come again
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class='first'>
      21st April 2010
    </td>
    <td>
      Sue and John Dorset
    </td>
    <td>
      Great holiday chalet very comfy well equipped and clean enjoyed the walks
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class='first'>
      30th May 2010
    </td>
    <td>
      The Dowells Winsham
    </td>
    <td>
      Thank you so much lovely chalet we will be coming back
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class='first'>
      20th June 2010
    </td>
    <td>
      Lynda ans Steve Harris Chard
    </td>
    <td>
      We had a wonderful stay, a very comfortable and clean chalet
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class='first'>
      30th July 2010
    </td>
    <td>
      The Stevens family Somerset
    </td>
    <td>
      Most enjoyable great beaches fantastic food at the Bush Inn and superb accommodation, we'll be back
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class='first'>
      13th Aug 2010
    </td>
    <td>
      The Simmonds family Kent
    </td>
    <td>
      Another lovely stay thank you. Everything you need what ever the weather. We love Sandynouth and Bude
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class='first'>
      21st Aug 2010
    </td>
    <td>
      Paul Hodges and family
    </td>
    <td>
      Lovely site to stay at, kids enjoyed the pool, we were overjoyed with the chalet love to come again thank you
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class='first'>
      30th Aug 2010
    </td>
    <td>
      Karren Mike and Dons som
    </td>
    <td>
      Thank you we had a lovely time and will be back
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class='first'>
      8th Sept 2010
    </td>
    <td>
      Mary and Peter Combe
    </td>
    <td>
      A well equipped, beautiful chalet, which we thoroughly enjoyed
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class='first'>
      31st Oct 2010
    </td>
    <td>
      Mark Val and Jammie
    </td>
    <td>
      Good club house plenty of places to visit superb accommodation thank you
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>